fix scroll restoration issue on webKit browsers (#9186)
withastro/astro: .changeset/shaggy-socks-glow.md

---
'astro': patch
---

> fix scroll restoration issue on webKit browsers

Author: ```suggestion
Fixed view transition issue on webKit browsers that prevented scrolling to #fragments 
```

> Fixed view transition issue on webKit browsers that prevented scrolling to #fragments 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes a view transition issue on webKit browsers that prevented scrolling to #fragments 
```

Author: had a good trainer. I'm sure I'll get the times right at some point :)
